Adapts README and moves documentation to docu folder (#119)
eclipse-basyx/basyx-go-components: README.md

<div align="center">
  <img src="docu/assets/Logo_Go_light.svg" alt="BaSyx Go Logo" width="400"/>
</div>

# BaSyx Go Components

Welcome to the BaSyx Go Components project! This guide is designed to help new developers onboard quickly, understand the architecture, and contribute effectively.

## Table of Contents
1. [Project Overview](#project-overview)
2. [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
3. [Setup & Installation](#setup--installation)
4. [Environment Variables & Configuration](#environment-variables--configuration)
5. [Code Style & Conventions](#code-style--conventions)
6. [Module Structure](#module-structure)
7. [Common Workflows](#common-workflows)
8. [API Usage](#api-usage)
9. [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
10. [Repository Automation](#repository-automation)
11. [Troubleshooting & Error Reference](#troubleshooting--error-reference)
12. [Glossary of Terms & Abbreviations](#glossary-of-terms--abbreviations)

---

## 1. Project Overview

> BaSyx Go Components is an open-source implementation of the Eclipse BaSyx framework in Go, providing Asset Administration Shell (AAS) services, registries, repositories, and more. The project is modular, scalable, and designed for industrial digital twin scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BaSyx Go Components is an open-source implementation of the Eclipse BaSyx framework in Go, providing Asset Administration Shell (AAS) API components like registries, repositories, and more. The project is modular, scalable, and designed for industrial digital twin scenarios.
```
